Enhance frida ios dump, fix aapt and add gplaycli (#1455)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x05b-Basic-Security_Testing.md

##### Using gplaycli

[gplaycli](https://github.com/matlink/gplaycli "gplaycli") is a Python based CLI tool to search, install, update Android applications from the Google Play Store. Follow the [installation steps](https://github.com/matlink/gplaycli#installation "gplaycli Installation") and you're ready to run it. gplaycli offers several options, please refer to its help (`-h`) for more information.

If you're unsure about the package name (or AppID) of an app, you may perform a keyword based search for APKs (`-s`):

```bash
gplaycli -s "google keep"

Title                          Creator     Size      Last Update  AppID                                    Version

Google Keep - notes and lists  Google LLC  15.78MB   4 Sep 2019   com.google.android.keep                  193510330
Maps - Navigate & Explore      Google LLC  35.25MB   16 May 2019  com.google.android.apps.maps             1016200134
Google                         Google LLC  82.57MB   30 Aug 2019  com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox  301008048
```

Next, you can download (`-d`) the selected APK by specifying its AppID:

```bash

> $ gplaycli -p -v -d com.google.android.keep

Author: done :)

[INFO] GPlayCli version 3.26 [Python3.7.4]
[INFO] Configuration file is ~/.config/gplaycli/gplaycli.conf
[INFO] Device is bacon
[INFO] Using cached token.
[INFO] Using auto retrieved token to connect to API
[INFO] 1 / 1 com.google.android.keep
[################################] 15.78MB/15.78MB - 00:00:02 6.57MB/s/s
[INFO] Download complete
```

> The `com.google.android.keep.apk` file will be in your current directory. As you might imagine, this approach is a very convenient way to download APKs, especially with regards to automation.

Author: there are default credentials in gplaycli (a token). I've added a note on that.

##### Extracting the App Package from the Device

> Obtaining app packages from the device is the recommended method as we can guarantee the app hasn't been modified by a third-party. To obtain applications from a rooted or non-rooted device, you can the following methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Obtaining app packages from the device is the recommended method as we can guarantee the app hasn't been modified by a third-party. To obtain applications from a rooted or non-rooted device, you can use the following methods:
```

> Typically you'd use `adb`. If you don't know the package name, the first step is to list all the applications installed on the device:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `adb pull` to retrieve the APK. If you don't know the package name, the first step is to list all the applications installed on the device:
```

Maps - Navigate & Explore      Google LLC  35.25MB   16 May 2019  com.google.android.apps.maps             1016200134
Google                         Google LLC  82.57MB   30 Aug 2019  com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox  301008048
```

Next, you can download (`-d`) the selected APK by specifying its AppID (add `-p` to show a progress bar and `-v` for verbosity):

```bash
$ gplaycli -p -v -d com.google.android.keep
[INFO] GPlayCli version 3.26 [Python3.7.4]
[INFO] Configuration file is ~/.config/gplaycli/gplaycli.conf
[INFO] Device is bacon
[INFO] Using cached token.
[INFO] Using auto retrieved token to connect to API
[INFO] 1 / 1 com.google.android.keep
[################################] 15.78MB/15.78MB - 00:00:02 6.57MB/s/s
[INFO] Download complete
```

The `com.google.android.keep.apk` file will be in your current directory. As you might imagine, this approach is a very convenient way to download APKs, especially with regards to automation.

> You may use your own Google Play credentials or token. By default, gplaycli will use [an internally provided token](https://github.com/matlink/gplaycli/blob/3.26/gplaycli/gplaycli.py#L106 "gplaycli Fallback Token").  

> 

Reviewer 2: Please add a note that gplaycli does abide by the restrictions of your country: e.g. when an app is not available in the country you are running this, then gplaycli will not be able to show it in your queries. This is different from the website APKmirror for instance , where such rules are not enforced.

Author: added a note on regional restrictions.
